add agent tls term docs for v3 configs (#1110)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: docs/agent/config/v3.mdx

| [`agent_tls_termination.server_key`](#server_key)                                                 |          | The private key (provided as a file path or raw PEM data) corresponding to the server certificate, used for TLS termination by the ngrok agent. Applicable only for `tls://` URLs. |

##### `agent_tls_termination.mutual_tls_certificate_authorities`

String[]. Specifies one or more Root CA certificates (as paths or raw PEM data) to validate client certificates for mutual TLS authentication. Applicable only for `tls://` URLs.

##### `agent_tls_termination.server_certificate`

String. The server certificate (provided as a file path or raw PEM data) used by the ngrok agent for TLS termination. Applicable only for `tls://` URLs.

##### `agent_tls_termination.server_key`

String. The private key (provided as a file path or raw PEM data) corresponding to the server certificate, used for TLS termination by the ngrok agent. Applicable only for `tls://` URLs.

> #### Example: Agent TLS Termination

Author: probably need to move these down with the other endpoint examples

### Endpoint Configuration Options

| Name                                                                                              | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`agent_tls_termination`](#agent_tls_termination)                                                 |          | Configuration for TLS termination at the ngrok agent. This is applicable only when the endpoint URL scheme is `tls://`.                                                            |

> | [`agent_tls_termination.mutual_tls_certificate_authorities`](#mutual_tls_certificate_authorities) |          | Specifies one or more Root CA certificates (as paths or raw PEM data) to validate client certificates for mutual TLS authentication. Applicable only for `tls://` URLs.            |

Reviewer: "root CA" is not right here
```suggestion
| [`agent_tls_termination.mutual_tls_certificate_authorities`](#mutual_tls_certificate_authorities) |          | A list of trusted Certificate Authorities (each provided as either a file path or the PEM-encoded data ) used to validate client certificates for mutual TLS authentication. Applicable only for `tls://` URLs.            |
```
??

# 2. Generate server private key, CSR, and signed certificate
openssl genpkey -algorithm RSA -out server.key -pkeyopt rsa_keygen_bits:2048
openssl req -new -key server.key -out server.csr -subj "/CN=your-domain.ngrok.io"
openssl x509 -req -in server.csr -CA ca.crt -CAkey ca.key -CAcreateserial -out server.crt -days 365 -sha256

# 3. Generate client private key, CSR, and signed certificate
openssl genpkey -algorithm RSA -out client.key -pkeyopt rsa_keygen_bits:2048
openssl req -new -key client.key -out client.csr -subj "/CN=ExampleClient"
openssl x509 -req -in client.csr -CA ca.crt -CAkey ca.key -CAcreateserial -out client.crt -days 365 -sha256

# 4. Verify certificate validity
openssl verify -CAfile ca.crt server.crt
# Expected Output:
# server.crt: OK

openssl verify -CAfile ca.crt client.crt
# Expected Output:
# client.crt: OK

# 5. Inspect certificate contents
openssl x509 -in ca.crt -text -noout
openssl x509 -in server.crt -text -noout
openssl x509 -in client.crt -text -noout

# 6. Create ngrok configuration file
cat <<EOF > /home/<your-user>/.config/ngrok/ngrok.yml
version: 3
agent:
  authtoken: 1yEmu1I7Nk4SqxKtdQwVbcBGdHk_53NW4yEmNDBnufjb1XDod
endpoints:
  - name: foo

>     url: 'tls://your-domain.ngrok.io'

Reviewer 2: ngrok.io domains are no longer available to new accounts

    upstream:
      url: 8080
    agent_tls_termination:
      server_certificate: /home/<your-user>/.config/ngrok/server.crt
      server_private_key: /home/<your-user>/.config/ngrok/server.key
      mutual_tls_certificate_authorities:
        - /home/<your-user>/.config/ngrok/ca.crt
EOF

# 7. Start the ngrok endpoint
ngrok api start --config=/home/<your-user>/.config/ngrok/ngrok.yml --log=stdout --log-level=debug foo

# 8. Verify connection to the endpoint with Root CA only
curl -v https://your-domain.ngrok.io --cacert ca.crt
# Expected Output:
# * CONNECTED(00000003)
# * depth=1 CN = ExampleCA
# * verify return:1
# * depth=0 CN = your-domain.ngrok.io
# * verify return:1
# * SSL handshake successful
# * Verify return code: 0 (ok)

# 9. Verify mutual TLS connection with client certificate
curl -v https://your-domain.ngrok.io \
  --cacert ca.crt \
  --cert client.crt \

>   --key client.key

Reviewer 2: cert/key options shouldn't be necessary if you're not testing mTLS yet (which is implied because there is another section later about mTLS?)
